PLEASE REVIEW THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE PURCHASE. IF A
BUYER DOES NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT IN THEIR ENTIRETY,
THAT BUYER IS NOT AUTHORIZED TO PURCHASE THE BOOK AND APPLICATION CODES,
IF A BUYER PURCHASE THE BOOK AND APPLICATION CODES, THE BUYER IS
RESPOSIBLE FOR HIS/HER OWN CHOICES, ACTIONS AND RESULTS

DISCLAIMERS R Shiny Applications in Finance, Medicine, Pharma and
Education Industry book and R Shiny Applications Codes in no way
provides any warranty, express or implied toward the content of the book
and the applications codes.

The book and the application codes presented are intended for motivation
and/or information purposes and for use by persons having appropriate
technical skills, at their own discretion and risks.

IN OTHER WORDS,

You agree and acknowledge that you are downloading the eBook and
application codes AT YOUR OWN RISK. I am not legally liable for any
chance to get your computer viruses in the process of downloading.

You agree and acknowledge that you are reading the book, using the
application codes, and/or using the links from the book or codes AT YOUR
OWN RISK. I am not legally liable for any chance to get your computer
viruses in the process of linking to another websites.

Please be aware that any information you may find in the book and
application codes maybe inaccurate, misleading, dangerous, unethical or
illegal. I am not is not responsible or liable in any manner whatsoever
for your use of, or inability to use and/or acquire any Products, and
for your use of the information contained in or linked from another web
pages.

YOU ARE responsible for your own choices, actions and results.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY You may not copy, reproduce, republish, upload,
post, display, or frame any of these materials without prior written
consent from the owners, except that you may view, download, display,
and print a single copy of these materials on a single computer for
personal, noncommercial use only, so long as: you do not alter or modify
the materials in any way; you include all applicable notices and
disclaimers (including copyright notices); and you do not use the
materials in a way that suggests an association with my name Loan
Robinson or R Shiny Applications in Finance, Medicine, Pharma and
Education Industry book. You understand and agree that title to these
materials shall not pass to you or any other user.

LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY THE USE OF THE BOOK AND APPLICATION CODES ARE
ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND IN NO EVENT SHALL I (LOAN ROBINSON) BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR ANY OTHER MONETARY OR OTHER DAMAGES, FEES,
FINES, PENALTIES, OR LIABILITIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY
TO THIS SERVICE, OR SITES ACCESSED THROUGH THIS SERVICE, AND/OR CONTENT
OR INFORMATION PROVIDED HEREIN. ANY CLAIMS AGAINST LOAN ROBINSON AND MY
BOOKâ€™S LIABILITY RELATING TO A BOOK OR APPLICATION CODES IS LIMITED TO
THE AMOUNT YOU PAID FOR THE PRODUCT OR SERVICE. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE
REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE BOOK OR APPLICATION CODES IS TO STOP
USING THEM. USER HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL APPLY TO
ALL CONTENT, MERCHANDISE, AND SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE OR
FROM ME.

PRODUCTS NO REFUND OR EXCHANGE AFTER YOU RECEIVE THE LINK TO DOWNOAD THE
EBOOK AND APPLICATION CODES
"# myshinyapp3" 
